refactor!: mark `setData(..)` as payable (#197)
ERC725Alliance/ERC725: docs/ERC-725.md

This standard consists of two sub standards, a generic data key/value store (ERC725Y) and a generic execute function (ERC725X). Both of which in combination allow for a very flexible and long lasting account system. The account version of ERC725 is standardised under [LSP0 ERC725Account](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/master/LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md).

> These standareds (ERC725 X and Y) can also be used seperately to enhance NFTs and Token meta data or other types of smart contracts. ERC725X allows for a generic exection through a smart contract, functioning as an account or actor.

Author: ```suggestion
These standards (ERC725 X and Y) can also be used separately to enhance NFTs and Token meta data or other types of smart contracts. ERC725X allows for a generic execution through a smart contract, functioning as an account or actor.
```
